# JavaExternal_06_03_2018

task_1: Use loops and next methods: System.out.print ("*"), System.out.print (""),System.out.print ("\ n") for displaying on the screen next figures: rectangle, right-angled triangle, equilateral triangle, diamond.
task_2: Sequence sorting: 1. arrange the one-dimensional array firstly negative in ascending order then positive in descending order; 2. In a one-dimensional array, arrange firstly positive then negative for O(n).
task_3: Given an integer rectangular matrix: 1. Arrange the columns in descending order by average value; 2. Arrange rows in ascending order by the longest series of the same elements.
task_4: Create a dynamic array of different shapes and display the information on the screen.
task_5: Create a Polygon class to describe shapes of different dimensions.
task_6: 1. In created class Polygon serialize the next figures: 3 points 3 lines and 1 triangle; 2. When the triangle is deserialized, display how many objects was created (points and lines); 3. make 3 files with serial Polygon which will describe 3 different shapes (rectangle, foursquare and triangle) and deserialize by displaying on the screen (to build a house from deserialized shapes).
task_vehicle: Create abstract class CVehicle. On its basis implement next classes: CPlane, CCar, CShip. Classes should be able to specify and receive coordinates, parameters of vehicles (price, year of release, speed). For the aircraft, the altitude must be determined, for the aircraft and the ship - the number of passengers. For the ship - home port. Write a program that creates a list of objects of these classes in the dynamic memory. The program must contain a console menu that allows you to check all methods of classes. Additional features: 1. Method, that finds CVehicle with the highest price; 2. Find CVehicle with year of release: 2000-2005, which has a speed above 150 km/h, and has the lowest price; 3. From CVehicle array receive the CCar array filtered by age - not older than 5 years; 4. From CVehicle array receive the CShip array with ships not older than 5 years, with a sorted price in descending order; 5. Add a cars: CCarAmphibio, CCarBetMobile; 6. Add 3 interfaces IFly, ISwim, IMove; 7. Create 3 sequences IFly, ISwim, IMove - within each sequence order CVehicle by speed; 8. Min/max mathods; 9. Add 2 inner classes(which add details to CVehicle: transmission and engine) - one Nested Inner and one Static Nested.
